[docs] Patch python version section (#475)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/python-in-gitpod.md

## Python Versions

Gitpod workspaces come with Python versions: `2.7.17`, and `3.7.3` pre-installed by default.

The easiest way to install a new Python version is to use `pyenv install <VERSION>`. For example, suppose you wanted to install Python `3.6.4`, you would run `pyenv install 3.6.4`.

> You can switch between Python versions using `pyenv local <VERSION>`. For example, if you wanted to switch to Python version `2.7.17` you would run `pyenv local 2.7.17`, however when running it in a Dockerfile you will want to replace local with global.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can switch between Python versions using `pyenv local <VERSION>`. For example, if you wanted to switch to Python version `2.7.17` you would run `pyenv local 2.7.17`. This will create a `.python-version` file that controls which Python version is the default in your project. (Note: When running it in a Dockerfile, replace `local` with `global` in order to change the system default.)
```
